fix(docs): fix and improve the docs (#76)
coffee-tools/coffee: docs/docs-book/src/using-coffee.md

Coffee is a plugin manager and development tool for core lightning nodes. It helps automate configuration and installation of plugins, and provides plugin templates for all the official languages.

Coffee is a command line utility that provides access to a wide range of tasks.

## First Configuration

> ✅ Implemented

> Coffe is able to manage the configuration of your core lightning and all the plugins connected with it, so

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Coffee is able to manage the configuration of your core lightning and all the plugins connected with it, so
```

> in order to use coffe the user need to point coffee in the current home of core lightning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in order to use coffee, the user needs to point coffee to the current root of core lightning.
```

> in order to use coffe the user need to point coffee in the current home of core lightning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in order to use coffe the user need to point coffee in the current home of Core Lightning.
```

> By default the core lightning home is stored in the `/home/<user>/.lightnig`, and you can do it with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the Core Lightning home is stored in the `/home/<USER>/.lightning`, and you can do it with the
```

Author: I do not like capitalize words like `USER`

following command

```bash
coffee setup /home/alice/.lightning
```

> Then you will fine an include at the end of a config file at `/home/alice/.lightnig/bitcoin/config`, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you will find an include at the end of a config file at `/home/alice/.lightning/bitcoin/config`, 
```

Author: note the `/home/alice` in the previous example, so we keep it consistent :)

> in the case this config file do not exist, coffee will create a new one that looks like the following one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
coffee will create a new one in case this config file do not exist.
```

```

> include /home/vincent/.coffee/testnet/coffee.conf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
include /home/<USER>/.coffee/testnet/coffee.conf
```

```

In addition there are the following additional option that you can specify:

> - `--network`: by default set to `bitcoin`, but if you want specify the network that core lightning are using, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--network`: by default set to `bitcoin`, but if you want specify the network that Core Lightning is using, 
```

> node that is you ran core lightning in a different network from `bitcoin` this flag needs always to be setted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
note that you need to set this flag in case you run Core Lightning in a different network from `bitcoin`.
```

> - `--data-dir`: by default this `/home/<home>/.coffee`, but if you want specify a different want this option 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--data-dir`: by default this `/home/<USER>/.coffee`, but if you want specify a different want this option 
```

> needs always to be setted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
